- [Instructor] So we've seen executions through advice
that occurred before the join point.
Let's take a look at the execution that occurs
after the join point.
So in our logging aspect class,
we are going to change the before to an after,
but it's not just after.
It's after returning,
and we'll talk a little bit about that here in a moment,
but it's important to note that there's after returning
and after throwing.
So we will add to this a return value.
So this would be returning, and it will be return value,
and that is an object that gets returned to this method.
So now we have access to both the join point,
so the data of the method, plus what the method returned.
After we've done our appending of our message
let's put a little bit more data in here.
So if return value is an instance of a collection,
we want to do message dot append, we'll do comma returning.
I'm going to bring in this collection here
real quick as an import.
We're going to do a little casting here,
'cause we want to get the size of that collection.
And then I'm going to add to this instances.
This is how we know how much
actually returned out of our method.
Now, else, message dot append, returning.
Let's put a space there so we're consistent,
and then we will append.
Return value dot to string.
So with that being said, what we've now done
is we've captured a bunch of data about the call
and then how it was returned,
but we're doing all of this actually after
the call is executed using the returning.
so let's go ahead and play this,
and while it's spinning up I want to talk about that.
So there's a danger here.
If my method throws an exception,
I actually will never get this to execute,
because this is after returning, not after throwing,
and I'm going to show you that here in a moment.